My website is an art project that generates a random line of poetry or a maxim from a list of 60+ possible phrases in which the
subjects, direct objects, and predicates are replaced randomly from a list of 170+ subjects and direct objects and a list of
70+ predicates. Each line of poetry is accompanied by one of 60+ possible symbols that is also randomized, adding a pictorial
component to the reading of the phrase.

The project explores the middle-ground between authorship and automatisation since all the possible phrase components have been
carefully selected and authored by me, but the combination is randomized by a computer. Each phrase can, therefore, be seen as
co-authored by me and the computer. The phrase is displayed in large uppercase letters in the center of the screen in order to
communicate a sense of urgency and importance (which can add to the comic effect of the work if the generated phrase is particularly
absurd). The generated phrases are mostly silly and nonsensical, sometimes funny and occasionally interesting and verging on poetic
or profound. The work aims to pose the question of how we read literature generated by a computer. Can we read it in the same way as
we read literature authored by humans? Is it even literature without authorial intent? I think it is easy, as a reader, to dismiss
work generated by a computer as inferior or nonsensical, while we read human seemingly nonsensical poetry with careful attention.
How much credit for the phrases should be given to me as the author, and how much should be given to the computer?

The usage of the website is very simple. It generates a new line of poetry every time the user reloads the page or clicks the "NEW"
button. The appearance of the site also shifts slightly depending on the time of day it is accessed. If my name at the bottom of
the page is clicked the user is redirected to an about page. Keeping the aesthetic design and functionality minimal was important
to let the text dominate the user's experience of the page.

The lists of phrases and phrase components are provided as txt files and can, therefore, be easily modified, extended or exchanged
by the moderator of the website to develop the project further.